Good morning, family. I have a very strong
prophetic warning to give right now.
Last night I was praying, and in my
prayer time, the Lord opened my eyes
to the spirit realm. He said, "Brandon,
the last visions have come and
they've gone."What the Lord showed me
about New Orleans and Las Vegas
has
happened. So now He said, "I'm going to
show you the next wave of things that you
are
to warn the body for what
is coming."It
all started
while
I was just worshipping and praying
like I normally do, and all of
a sudden, it was as if a vision was being put out in front of me. I
told my wife, "Get the phone,
you've
got to record
it."I
saw massive farming
equipment on
the East Coast,
and there were
silos. The Lord said, "I want
you to focus on
fertilizer."All
of a sudden,
everything was coming at me very
fast. I could see these men buying
lots of fertilizer since this summer
over the course of quite a while.
I have to describe what I saw: I
saw
trees with leaves,
summer grass growing—it was hot
outside—and
I saw these men collecting
fertilizer through different
places so that they would not be
detected,
buying in bulk
without drawing
suspicion.
These men were storing this
fertilizer.
I
saw
massive dump
trucks with separation in the back
containing
50-gallon
drums filled with different
chemicals to make what happened in
Oklahoma City back in the
'90s. This
was
not black
powder, but this fertilizer stuff
in a big
diesel
dump truck that
looked
like a
construction
vehicle.
They put all this in so that it
would cause a major catastrophic
event. They made the front of it
bulletproof
with
very strong armor so you could not shoot it
to stop it. This armor was
underneath, so
it wasn't easily seen.
I saw these men with
vests
on in the front cab of the
truck, and they had explosives on
these vests. There were two men in the
truck, and they
used it to go through police
and military barricades
in
Washington,
D.C. When they tried
to stop them
at a checkpoint, they
pushed through the barricade because
the truck was very
strong. Then they
were
surrounded, they ignited
their vests, and they took out
everybody. When this happened, there was
a massive crater in the
ground and all the buildings were
completely wiped out. They tried to
get as close as they could to the
Capitol
and
major landmarks of Washington,
D.C. The Lord spoke
to me about
lone
wolves in America. They were
sympathetic
to
terrorism, acting
alone.
They
are
part of an organization, but they
not part of a big group. I saw
different
individuals
throughout towns acting alone.
There were lots of them, and
they weren't necessarily illegal immigrants from
across the border;
they were people
who
already lived here.
The Lord showed me
white cargo vans
with no windows on the side that would
carry
50-gallon
drums
of fertilizer.
They were parking them in New
York City in parking garages and
close to buildings so they did not look
suspicious. I saw them trying to
get as close as they could to Trump
Towers, and they had a plan to take
out Trump Towers and golf courses throughout
America.
The Lord spoke to me and said,
"This is bigger than
terrorists."I
saw it was in retaliation for Qasem
Soleimani,
the man that was taken
out in Iraq. I saw that man's face, and
they said, "We have not forgotten his
assassination."They
were coming
against America, especially Trump,
in
retaliation for what happened
in Iran. I saw this was a
government operation with a thousand
men coming through
underground drug
trafficking
tunnels. This is
a multi-hundred-million-dollar
operation that
has been going on
for
the last four years,
gathering supplies, and they are
here. I saw darkness in ten major cities,
with
groups
of
a
hundred
people per
attack
coming out of
the ground like ants. The Lord said, "This
is not terrorists per se; this is an act
of war."This is
a government of another country coming
against America, making it look like
terrorism.
You will see
a great shaking still to come
because of past administrations not
securing the
borders.
I warn you to
pray—not
a call to fear, but a call to
prayer. I saw plans and plots
from these men to try to disrupt
the
inauguration. After the election,
I heard the word
"strike"five
times.
These
were
major events
trying to bring fear upon
the American people.
We must pray for what
is dear to Trump, specifically his
children. This is about retaliation,
with
funding
hidden
through crypto
and
communication
through untraceable sources.
It
is
about Syria and things
happening as America lines up
with Israel.
We
pray protection over your families,
our President,
and
the capital of America.
This was very
dark;
these people obviously do not value
their own
lives.
When they
ignited
their vests, it was a
massive explosion, bigger than
Oklahoma City.
It was
fertilizer, and I am
trying
to
communicate
what I
see in
the spirit.
These vans were
targeted at
Trump hotels
and
locations.
It
is
a network of
people who
want to kill, steal, and destroy.
It was also about Europe,
including
France and
England.
I
am
not
here to stir up fear, but the
last visions I saw came to pass, and
now the Lord is
giving
more.
I
believe we lessened what happened in New Orleans by
prayer. In
Las Vegas,
God used a
bulletproof Cybertruck to shoot the blast
straight up, so the glass at the Trump building did not even break.
Even
the tires were not
popped.
While
people lost their lives in New Orleans,
where
there
is
a
strong presence of witchcraft on
Bourbon Street,
we
can
stop
these events
through
prayer.
My job is to raise up a
million-person
prayer army
to
change events
in politics and
the
financial realm.
It
is
time to
rise and shine, for the light has come.
You have the ability to
tread on serpents and scorpions, and
nothing shall by any means hurt you. He
gave His angels
charge
to bear us up in their hands lest we
dash our foot against a stone. It
is
time for the body of Christ
to take
our authority.
I believe we will see
great changes.
New
Orleans
was
tragic, but
it could have been worse.
Pipe bombs did
not
go off
and
churches were not affected.
This will be a year
of great acceleration and
an
outpouring of
the
Spirit. I talked to
an elderly Jewish
man
about
the
tradition of the groom giving
presents
to
the
bride.
He said that
was an
old tradition, and that
is
what
Jesus would go by.
God
is
giving His remnant gifts, and
huge financial blessings
are coming to the church.
In 2025, believe
for big things.
I am
believing
for
my daughter's healing
and
for God to show up in our
lives.
As
a
watchman,
I
am
looking through my binoculars
again and seeing
another major event, but
we can stop and lessen this
through
prayer.
We
pray
for
supernatural
protection
over the
Secret
Service assigned to Trump, that
the Holy Spirit would
reveal danger
to them. Father, I thank You
for
this
country
and
for
President Trump. I thank You for the
wisdom
given to
the administration
to stop
these hidden
cells.
We
pray
for
confusion
in
the
enemy's
camp.
America
is
a
giver;
we
have
sowed billions to Ukraine
and
Israel, and whatsoever a
man sows, he
shall reap. We pray
for mercy and
that
You would
heal our land. We thank You that
these men are brought to justice
in all ten cities and at every
Trump
location.
We
pray
a
hedge
of
protection
around
landmarks
like
the
New York Stock Exchange and
One World Trade
Center.
We pray
for
mending
hearts
in
New Orleans
and
the
restoration of all that was lost.
I thank You, Lord,
for restoring what the cankerworm
ate ate
in these people's lives.
We
thank You for
the
supernatural finances
pouring out on the
remnant.
You
are the God
of
Shadrach, Meshach, and
Abednego,
and
You
will
protect us from the fiery
furnace
and
the
lions'den.
A
thousand may fall at our side,
but it will
not come near us.
We thank You for
the anointing of the Holy
Spirit
and
Your grace and mercy.
We call
everyone
healed and
delivered from sickness,
dementia, Alzheimer's,
depression, or
anxiety.
We receive
Your divine protection
in the mighty name
of Jesus. Amen. I
hope
this video blessed
you.
I have to
tell you what I saw
so
the
government
can
prepare. They
have
been buying fertilizer in
small amounts
over
time to
avoid
attention.
The
enemy
is
coming down, but the Lord
shows
us this so
we can
pray against it.
We
take communion
for
divine protection.
By
Your stripes, we
are
healed.
We are
overcomers by the blood of the Lamb and
the word of our testimony. God has not
given you a
spirit of fear
but of power, love,
and a sound
mind. Where the
blood is
applied,
Satan cannot
cross.
We apply the
blood over our
towns
and
cities.
We surrender
all
to
You,
our
blessed
Savior.
Great is Your faithfulness to
us, oh God.
Holy
Spirit, thou art
welcome
in
this
place. Omnipotent Father of
mercy and grace,
thou
art
welcome in this
place. In Your presence, there
is healing divine. Hallelujah,
You have won the victory
and
given it all for
me. Death could not hold You
down; You are the
Risen
King, seated in
majesty.
We refresh
today as we
drink
from
the
living
water.
Jesus is
coming
soon.
Thank you for
joining us in prayer.
We
pray for
your supernatural breakthrough in 2025.
We
cry
out
like
blind
Bartimaeus,
"Jesus, Son of
David, have mercy on
us!"We
are
Your
joint-heirs,
and we are
seated with You at the table.
Come and
dine,
for
He turned the water into
wine.
Peace,
wonderful
peace, coming
down from the Father
above.